build: added support for messages and choices (#3)
orq-ai/orq-node: orquesta-sdk/README.md

    latency: 9000,
    time_to_first_token: 250,
  },
  messages: [
    {
      role: 'user',
      message:
        'A customer is asking about the latest software update features. Generate a detailed and informative response highlighting the key new features and improvements in the latest update.',
    },
  ],
});
```

### Logging LLM responses

<div id="logging"/>

> Wether you use the `get_config` or `invoke`, you can log the model generations to the deployment. Here are some examples on how to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you use the `get_config` or `invoke`, you can log the model generations to the deployment. Here are some examples of how to do this:
```
